---
published: true
layout: default

title: Wednesday 23/9
section: Week two
category: exhibit
---

***Script for Sincerely, Tom Hackshaw***

This script is modelled from Ronnie van Hout's _Doubled up_ work, with a few changes to make the context more relevant to me.

I am planning to perform it either tomorrow or later on during the week.

---

_Sincerely, Tom Hackshaw_

A – Hi Tom, so you're here, after all this time. So, how about playing up some of those crazy ideas you told me about?

B – You still making art?

A – I thought you'd be all over it like a rash not being at it for so long

B – Oh there's plenty of time for that sweetheart

A – Is there?

B – Sure

A – That Tom and Tom aren't hanging around here all day are they? You asked me what time you want to make art with me, if you want it

B – Hey, you know what the best thing about you is? Ya ideas

A – Yeah? Surely you've got something better than that

B – So you've been throwing your ideas around?

A – Whaddayou mean?

B – You've been throwing them around, you been telling your ideas to anyone else?

A – Nah

B – I heard you did

A – Who from? That's a lie I never-

B – That's what I heard

A – Well it's bullshit. Who told you that? Is that what Tom said? He's been trying to steal my ideas every chance he can get since you've been away, it's disgusting

B – So you've had it locked up and thrown away the key have ya?

A – Yeah, what have you been doing with it? Why are you like this Tom? Always so mean to me

B – Hey come on sweetheart lighten up

A – What

B – Hey, hey hey, I knew you wouldn't do that, just testing ya, hey it's just a joke

A – Yeah, funny fucking joke aye

B – Hey [_turns left_], who's been in my locker?

A – How would I know? It's been locked hasn't it?

B – Someone has

A – Is this another one of your jokes? Tom's been sleeping around here ask him

B – Alright, I will

[_Pause, refresh frames_]

A – What was that crap you were going on about before? I'd do anything to get good grades? What the fuck is that?

B – Well, I wouldn't

A – What grades? An A? Ha. Just because it's a top mark doesn't make you an artist

B – So? I'm doing this for you as well

A – For what?

B – [_immediate cut in_] Hey leave us alone a tick will you Tom? Please? [_sarcasm_]

A – What's wrong with you Tom? You haven't said a word to me since you got home

B – Well I'm not going stand in the hallway and discuss things with you alright?

A – Discuss what?

B – Well, whaddayou reckon? I spend four years at art school, and you don't think there's nothing to discuss?

A – It's your own bloody fault wasn't it? You must have been out of your head to do what you did. What was it? Were you stoned?

B – No, I wasn't stoned

A – Well what then? You just stupid. Think you can just walk into the local art school with an open mind and become an artist? Is that it?

B – [_immediate_] Hey, why don't you go ask Tom Hackshaw what happened

A – Oh fuck, I hope you're pissed Tom, cuz if you're not you're going straight back where you came from

B – Well if I am, you're gonna miss out on this great idea I've got for ya

A – I don't reckon you've got it in ya

B – What would you know aye? What would you know about anything?

[_Pause, refresh frame, B leaning back and sigh a little_]

B – Hey, you taken a few pages out of Tom's book have ya?

A – What did they do to you in there Tom? Give you a fucking lobotomy or something? Where's your fucking head at?

B – [_rolls eyes and looks up_] oh, where's my head at? Ahhh, within rhizomatic thought? [_sarcasm_]

A – Oh save the fucking Deleuze and Guattari bullshit, you're a fucking idiot

B – Hey hey I don't like people walking away from me

A – Listen dickhead, you might just think you are the king of the fucking universe slumming it down here with the collective, but from what I've just seen, you're just a bunch of losers, same as everyone else

B – [_close up_] Hey, who's ideas have you been stealing?

A – Grow up. You know what your mum reckons? She reckons you're such a mental spastic the world needs protecting from ya

B – What makes you think she's wrong?

A – F-uck off [_emphasise F_]

B – I want to be an artist Tom

A – What? Now? Yeah, you're a real fucking artist ain'tcha

B – You gonna give it to me?

A – When do you want it? Do you want great ideas so you can make great art? Have lots of connections so you can make it in the art world? How about becoming famous so you can make lots of money, high market shit, conceptual art and stuff... how about that?

B – Sure, whatever you like [_sarcasm_]

A – Alright, come on

B – [_brief pause_] yeahyeah just give us a tick

A – Become an artist that's what ya want isn't it?

B – Yeah just give us a tick will ya?

A – Well? Where is it? Where's those ideas you've been going on about?

B – Shut up, get outta my hair

A – You can't do it can ya? You aren't an artist are ya?

B – Whaddyou say?

A – You aren't an artist 

B – Yeah?

A – I'm not Tom Hackshaw

B – Yeah?

A – Oh fuck you fucking fuck [_visible annoyance_] I hate you you fucking prick **I hate you**

B – [_same time_] **I know you're not an artist.** I wouldn't work with you in a million years you hack.

A – Well you're not going to get a chance you fuck, I never want to see you again

B – [_from looking up, looking left and rolling eyes_] why don't you fuck off? Go on, fuck off

A – [_drawing in a breath, stands and walks away_]

End
